Adding chocV keyboard (#15921)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/chocv/readme.md

# chocV

A 36 key choc keyboard based on the [Horizon](https://github.com/skarrmann/horizon)
construction and a trimmed down [BabyV](https://www.instagram.com/eyeohdesigns/?hl=en) layout!

![chocV Lineage](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brickbots/chocV/main/images/lineage.jpeg "chocV Lineage")

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Brickbots](https://github.com/brickbots)
* Hardware Supported: The chocV PCB is public domain and is compatible with any
pro-micro footprint MCU
* Hardware Availability: [The chocV github repo](https://github.com/brickbots/chocV)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     make chocv:manna-habour_miryoku
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     make chocv:manna-habour_miryoku:flash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make chocv:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make chocv:default:flash
```

> See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
> 
> ## Bootloader
> 
> Enter the bootloader using the hardware reset button on the top middle of the
> near the MCU
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader using the hardware reset button on the top middle of the
near the MCU.

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```
